fix(bar): prevent outside text labels from overlapping tilted axis ticks (#7872)
plotly/plotly.js: draftlogs/7872_fix.md

> - Prevent outside bar text labels from overlapping tilted axis ticks [[#7872](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/7872)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent outside bar text for zero-length bars from overlapping axis tick labels [[#7872](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/7872)]
```

> - Prevent outside bar text for zero-length bars from overlapping axis tick labels [[#7872](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/7872)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent outside bar text for zero-length bars from overlapping axis tick labels [[#7872](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/7872)], with thanks to @vizansh for the contribution!
```
